[Music]
Hello, how are you my friends and friends
of the channel, my dearest
lovers of salsa, today I bring you an
epic, very epic, epic and
sima slip from sálvame and it
turns out that our beloved
chayo mohedano okay we have her
here on twitter yesterday she was announcing
her new account all and fans ok which is
a live to live so for those who don't
know what a live and only fun is it is
a page a
special and exclusive social network where you can
create your profile for
exclusive paid content for your most loyal followers
normally and I say normally because it
is not mandatory and not everyone
uses it for the same thing but the vast
majority of influencers and people
use only fan to upload erotic content
languages ​​that notified I would even
dare to say for no reason like
without any censorship like zac okay
at least there are influencer girls from
instagram that surpass the best a
slightly provocative photo on their face and they tell you
if you want to see more and friends live and there
are many famous  that have a live
okay there are many famous people who are very
handsome and very pretty and they are very
good looking and if we create a raffle they win a lot of
money I say that right away for
a lot of money realize that you can
put
the subscription button you can put it
at a price I think the minimum is 15
dollars up to 50 dollars so it doesn't
pass me 15 dollars and have a thousand
people who follow you faithfully and pay
those 15 dollars a month because you are
earning 15 thousand dollars they don't take away the
taxes and they take away what the
page takes but well it is erotic content
normally there are models and influencers
that get very rich with this okay I
have friends who have four thousand five
thousand followers in the on live okay
normally in what I tell you the
most common thing the majority of people who
create a profile of the live art
do you want me to believe it
I am worth it I believe it if you
tell me that I am going to have a
thousand or two thousand followers that I do it
is I do it but well the majority
of people the majority the vast majority
create it for erotic or
even pornographic content okay the stick
uploads a photo that is a little sexually
suggestive on instagram and then
tells you well then we go live and I make
a video better and you go into the ifa and
have a video picking a banana and
walking through the puddle of the pava
total that chayo mohedano has created a
profile in the live what is he doing
today is
announcing it with a bait video
that wants to imply as if I
were being erotic content okay he
is already taking it for granted because he did
not say anything yesterday he simply announced it hey
here you have my only fan I do not know
that I am not with so many pins to support me and
all the roll well they are in sálvame they have
created the bait video as if saying that
move listen to me there was no chayo
is getting into this world that he
needs money or needs money he
is having a bad time or whatever but
of course for you nothing epic of sálvame
because they do not inform a [ __ ] [ __ ]
as our dearest love is saying here
romeira she
understands a lot about social media okay
because this one is there
social media is there twitter is there
and will be uploads tories interact
with people olive a it
is not only for erotic
or pornographic content
it is what it is used for the most because the
platform allows it I
mean there are other platforms that do not
allow it it is
usually used a lot too in
2020 it does not let you
pornographic erotic and very high but
pornographic pension I do not know but
normally they do not let you upload
pornographic content from instagram to youtube or
tweet so if it lets you touch you are not
going to be free they are idiots no
then here love romeira says to
have to save myself we have live and it
is not just uploading content or creating
erotic porn there are also
makeup tutorials and if rosario mohedano has
become oli it is to show her
musical releases lyrics and so on exclusively
for her fan hence the name of the year
the brother of the association ass has
yes and I think he also had it I think I
'm not sure but I think alonso
caparrós also had it I think
a lot of normal people have it of course yes of
course each one but  that in reality in
reality in reality the page was
created to create exclusive content,
for example what I have are the
members of my channel that the members
can enjoy, they have exclusive access to see
the full live shows when they have
finished and many times when we can
chat only for members with the
members they can enjoy the chat, these are
advantages, well, they do the same thing, you
pay a monthly fee and for being
subscribed with that fee
you have the exclusive content that will be
uploaded there, Chayo Mohedano, I'm
very sorry for you that there are solutions
but these are the lyrics of your songs, that's
what there is and well, it's about reading the
family comment box, what do you think
about this, one more slip of the tongue of "sálvame"
of course because you should inform yourself
a little bit about what's going on before speaking
and we'll see you in the next video, a
hug
[Music]